1.	The Tallest Cake In Africa
A few months ago, we sat in our meeting room with the Cakes By Tosan team and listened as they told us that they would be having an exhibition, a sequel to something they’d put together in 2012. Our response, rather than blind agreement, was to ask them, why not go bigger, and better. It was in that meeting, that we conceptualised the idea of Cakes By Tosan creating, and us exhibiting the Tallest Cake to ever be made in Africa!  16th– 19th May 2013 was the date that the beautiful construction adorned Silverbird Galleria in Victoria Island, Lagos.

We were keen to create an unforgettable experience for guests. Some detailing (apart from the gorgeous 28 foot cake) included mood lighting, plasma screens looping a ‘Making Of’ video,  a photo area including a media board and fun cake-making props such as a chef’s hats and whisks. The first and last exhibition days were events where we unveiled/took down and shared the cake.

This event wasn’t just about breaking records and brand leveraging; it served as a community awareness event, from which proceeds went to charity, as well as the delicious cake itself. It was also a beautiful celebration of Nigeria in its Centennial year. Look out for an even BIGGER extravaganza in 2014!


2.Africa Magic @ 10 Celebrations
The 5th December 2013 was a significant day for Africa Magic, not only was it their 10th anniversary, it was also a chance to announce the nominations for AMVCA.The event was a celebration of Africa Magic and it’s evolution as a formidable force in African Programming. Visual concepts came to life working closely with the Africa Magic production team and the event came together so organically which was reflected in the end result. It was an elegant affair bursting with surprises and entertainment!
We wanted to create a quintessentially African feel, after all Africa Magic is a true representation of pan-continental culture. We did this by infusing core elements into the guest experience, decor and food to produce a vibrant cultural flavour. You could hear the banging of the talking drums from miles away on arriving near the Landmark venue in Victoria island, greeted with a red carpet like no other with a projection of the Africa Magic Logo spanning over half the venue.
it was hard to forget you were not on the set of a movie.  So picturesque from the ushers with their regal threaded hair set off with a straight off the African catwalk styled Ankara bow ties and flared skirts. Delectable cocktails served with International small chops followed by a scrumptious traditional Nigerian dinner. This event was televised for both a live and pre-recorded show, so attention to detail was crucial and timing had to be perfect. Champagne toasting followed by delicious desserts in Africa Magic colors delighted the crème de la crème  of Nollywood and guests from all over the African continent.
As this was such a huge celebration, we came up with the idea of having a giant prosthetic cake made, this secretly housed Ghanaian singing sensation Efya who burst out of the cake in a flurry of confetti! Planning the event was no easy job and many challenges arose but all obstacles were overcome with perseverance. It was a proud moment for us in the No Surprises Office to be part of such a magical occasion.

3. Ebony Life TV – Launch Event
On midnight of 1st July 2013, Africa’s first global TV Network launched on channel 165, DStv. Just hours before the station went live, we at No Surprises Events held a star-studded launch event  at Eko Hotel Lagos, featuring guest of honour- Steve Forbes. This event took months of conceptualisation and planning as we worked with Ebony Life and the production teams, to create an event that oozed with quality, impact and most importantly: conveyed the spirit of Ebony Life TV.

The idea was to fuse an array of cultures that are reflected in Ebony Life’s ethos of catering to a “Global black audience”. To convey this, there was the presence of Calabar carnival revellers to demonstrate the colourful annual Calabar Carnival in Cross River State (also home to the TV stations studios).

A Jazz Bar with African and African/ American artsite’s framed pictures, plus our gorgeous hosts and hostesses as Ancient Egyptian royalty (to celebrate African culture of the past). In all, an event full of culture, flavour and finesse. We’ve been glued to channel 165 ever since!


4.	Google Breakfast Forum
Tech giant Google wanted to hold a breakfast forum for C-Level executives to showcase the latest trends and possibilities in digital marketing.
The event took place at the Wheat baker hotel in Lagos and we wanted to ensure the look and feel of the event was in line with the cool and innovative brand. We opted to use branding to line the wall of the hall with a collage of words communicating the event’s key message. Think corporate graffiti. Since we knew a lot of videos would be played for illustrative purposes, we installed a bold stage lined with six swivel chairs in Google colours, which had a large LED screen embedded in the backdrop.

Our hostesses, dressed as stylish geeks were at hand to ensure prime guest satisfaction and a very quick check-in process. The Wheatbaker did not disappoint with a wide spread of fresh fruits, pastries and savoury dishes, all part of the breakfast buffet served before the event kicked off.

The event program was packed with short talks on some pretty engaging topics in digital innovation. These talks were delivered by the chairmen of ad agencies, and Google heads from Sub-Saharan Africa and South Africa. Contrary to what may have been expected of C-level executives, the speeches were not uptight and were full of laughable moments. We even had one of the speakers take a selfie on stage!
We had a great time planning this event, which everyone was impressed.


5.	YouTube – Nigeria Launch
Our brief was to create a highly interactive, educational, fun and memorable experience for the target audience. We organised a press conference and signing ceremony session for journalists, Google execs and partners and later panel-style breakout sessions, including interactive networking segments and breaks.

We also created an experiential Google-style red carpet experience with a YouTube photo booth and finally a night party with a set of performances (acts, musicians, bands, DJ) including YouTube sensations ‘Naija Boys’ and ‘My Backyard Crew’.


6.	Google House
We worked with Google Nigeria to transform a bare space into “Google House” – complete with its ubiquitous beanbags, liberal use of Google colours, and bizarre technology. Google wanted to show how its stable of apps and gadgets could possibly improve our homes and our everyday routine.

We transformed the event venue into a modern day pad, equipped with a funky teenager and young professional’s room, a kitchen many wished they had in their own homes, a living room and other break out spaces googlers used to showcase some pretty awesome gadgets such as the Google glass.

In all, the event as far from the usual and we’re happy to have pulled off the very first Google House in Africa!


7.TINSEL – Season 3 Premiere Party
The party was to launch the 3rd season of TINSEL the 1ST ever Nigerian soap opera on MNET and also a successful previous season.

TINSEL is based around 2 rival film studios so we created a glamorous atmosphere with disco balls, lots of glitter and lighting, all décor was around this theme. The guest list included TINSEL stars, production crew, the crème de la crème of Nollywood, the music, film and TV industry.

Guests were treated to special signature “Tinsel Cocktails” on arrival. Afterwards DJ Caise ensured there was no dull moment.



8. Asa Live In Lagos Concert
The Asa Live in Lagos Concert which held at the Convention Center, Eko Hotel & Suites, Lagos was unanimously tagged “The unforgettable worship at Asa’s shrine”. From the exhilarating performances by Isaac Geralds, Bez, Kaline, Falana and Rachael Kerr to the ground breaking two – hour performance by the ever energetic and multi talented Asa, it was a difficult task to not match the event’s organization to World standards.

We, at No Surprises Event Architects went all out with this one, from the stage building to the exquisite lighting to the seating coordination based on the guest category to the red carpet and to the photo wall of Asa that lined the foyer to the luxury level specially created to accommodate the VVIP guests, we made sure all aspects to ensure a seamless event was catered for.

Admission of guests into the hall was seamless and the promise of good entertainment was delivered as audience satisfaction went through the roof.

Among the highlights of the event included the free drinks provided by Hennessy and the Eko Hotel bar to some guest categories, the provision of refreshment during intermission for the VVIP guests at the luxury level sitting, Asa singing “Fire on the Mountain” and “Bibanke”, the duo collaboration of Asa with music producer, Cobhams Asuquo in which the crowd went ecstatic with awe and fascination at the magic the two created, the meet and greet after party the guests had with Asa where they took selfies and groupies with the talented musician.

The event was a memorable to which we continue to receive great reviews about til date.


9.	Fifty Premiere
The Premiere of the movie “Fifty” by Ebony Life Films which held at Eko Hotel & Suites was an experience the attendees will never forget.

From the dazzling hostesses in their gold afro hair-dos who welcomed guests at the entrances to the fun and paparazzi on the red carpet, the guests arrived thrilled.

The hall housed a variety of seating arrangements to suit the individual needs of the guests at the different intervals when called for, the elegant banquet sitting which had a center piece featuring an actress from the movie, the theatre seating for viewing the movie and the lounge for laid back conversations and networking, the guests were delighted to have a personified experience.

The Premiere was graced with a roomful of Celebrities and other high-end Socialites and each one of them had a fabulous time.







